{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red97\green98\blue102;\red255\green255\blue255;\red175\green180\blue186;\red176\green180\blue186;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c45490\c45882\c47451;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c74118\c75686\c77647;\cssrgb\c74213\c75784\c77652;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 A web browser takes you anywhere on the internet. It retrieves information from other parts of the web and displays it on your desktop or mobile device. The information is transferred using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol, which defines how text, images and video are transmitted on the web.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Primary components of a web browser:\
\
1) User Interface: 
\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
User interface is the first impression of a software system from the user\'92s point of view.\cf5 \cb6  \cf2 \cb3 Therefore any software system must satisfy the requirement of user. UI mainly performs two\cf5 \cb6  \cf2 \cb3 functions \uc0\u8722 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Accepting the user\'92s input\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Displaying the output
\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2) Browser Engine: A bridge links the engine with the interface. It controls the inputs coming from various user interfaces while monitoring the rendition engine.\
\
3) Networking protocols : The protocol covers all aspects of safety, privacy, and communication while also providing a URL. Additionally, documents that are retrieved contain network traffic from the store. \
\
4)  Database \
As the data store is a standardised layer that the browsers employ, the cookies store information. Browsers are a good platform for storage procedures like IndexedDB, WebSQL, localStorage, etc. \
\
5)  JavaScript Interpreter \
It enables JavaScript code conversion and then executes it in a page. The users can then see the translation on the screen thanks to the engine. \
\
#Parsing: 
\f1\fs32 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Parsing is defined as 
\f2\b \cf2 to break something down into its parts, particularly for study of the individual parts
\f1\b0 \cf2 . 
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \
\
Parser: The parser is a phase of the compiler which takes a string as an input and converts it into corresponding Intermediate Representation. It is also known as syntax analyzer.\
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Data Parsing is the process of converting one data type into another that can be read easily. It involves analysing connections between elements in a given set of data. \
\
Parser Relevance :\
\
Any technique we choose, including json, can be used to structure the data. \
For instance, if we receive data in HTML format, a parser will translate it into a more understandable format. \
Additionally, data extraction and web scraping employ it. \
In SEO analysis, information about optimisation was used. \
Parser creates data in an easily understandable format to increase staff productivity and efficiency, especially for programmers and data analysts.}